hey guys its ability for fun oh yeah
that's much much better anyways my
update shirt is gone it's lost I mean
it's somewhere that I cannot find it so
I'm just kind of gonna be looking more I
guess I don't know I couldn't find a
fucking a picture no no none of y'all
we're asking yesterday but that's
because it was all like uh this love the
blue blue and I'm just like oh god is
buggin video song um but yeah anyways my
update sure couldn't find it don't know
if I this I'll find it later hopefully I
don't know but you happy on the scenes
of June oops just opened up runescape
doc been to open up the UM internet
browser still where I could just wait at
the update no I really I know um with
this behind the scenes there weren't
really that many dumb you know updates
though we're gonna be coming out the the
grand master the master quest looks
pretty cool it's called Deadliest Catch
um you know it's just it's gonna be a
members class it's going to be a master
quest not a grand master quest but a
master quest so that's supposed to be a
you know kind of hard um and of course
with all of these updates that I'm
talking about now and behind the scenes
i'll be making update videos about right
when they come out like you know when
they come out so yeah um troll invasion
for members is going to be pretty much
you know where the forum trolls are
where you don't you you can just attack
these other trolls that look ugly as
shit by the way um so yeah it looks like
they got some dynamite in their mouths
and you know they're carrying a couple
barrels well at least that's the render
drawing of them anyways um yeah also
loyalty loyalty rewards now I don't know
how exactly loyalty port points are
rewarded to us or how they're going to
give away these loyalty rewards
they're going to put an extra spot in
our inventory space or in our own not
environments where your face but our
armor space and we're gonna be able to
like hold you know loyalty shit I think
you know I can't say for sure but sees
how I'm seeing it in my mind because
they haven't actually updated us yet on
this I see a lot of stuff in my mind by
the way I don't know if all of its good
i will never say any of it on video
though because a lot of shit goes on in
there anyways little rewards supposed to
be pretty cool I'm looking forward to
that I'm looking forward to all the
updates of course you know which I'm
excited about of course because you know
the fucking updates and on the uptake
guy so of looking forward to those I'm
also something that y'all had forgotten
probably and last months behind the
scenes which I'm sure jagex is going to
love me for saying this anyways um but
they're just behind the scenes that it
doesn't it's not a schedule of things
that are going to definitely come out on
this month on that one you know whatever
behind-the-scenes month it may be
because a lot of people were complaining
to me yesterday um well I guess would be
two days ago like the last the last day
of May whatever and they were like Oh
Jack expose him updated your bubble
bobble I'm just like okay yeah like all
right there must have been some bugs you
know there must have been something that
made them not be able to update on that
day you know because I'm sure they
weren't just like sitting on their
computer desk like ha ha look at these
motherfuckers they're all asking where
the where the update is and we're just
holding it holding it back for one more
day now their company they don't want to
do anything to piss us off really um so
I mean with that being said nightmare
our age he's been screwed over way too
many times I guess it's just a joke
about your mother fucker mean I don't
think I would affect him anyways if i
trolled on him whatever anyways off
video topic
that's the behind the scenes for june i
really hope that y'all um you know enjoy
these updates when they come out and
i'll be making videos for each and every
one of the three when uh yeah when they
come out Oh other other news is going to
be shod dude I can't like I can't see
what you're gonna do for the other news
on these on these update you know behind
the scenes right now but holy shit I'm
really looking forward to whatever they
did on the other news because usually
like the other news is like way better
than the fucking update itself you know
sometimes because we already know what's
in the game and then they update it to
make it better and then it's just like
fuck yeah this is awesome mmm anyways
you got 96 forming today just leave on
that note so yeah peace out guys my
closet back there Oh 96 for me I'm
leaving on that note bye